Explaining the name (#12)
ServiceInnovationLab/bagel-jam: README.md

This is a repository to interpret submission data and serve it up as tasty tasty ~~jam~~ JSON for visualisation and further analysis.

## Why is it called Bagel Jam

> The hardest problem in computer science is naming things. The Lab team avoid this unnecesary obstacle by naming projects after what we have for breakfast. The bagel project is a series of discovery/research sprints, exploring emerging tools for policy consultation analysis. This is one repo that was created in our analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hardest problem in computer science is naming things. The Lab team avoids this unnecessary obstacle by naming projects after what we have for breakfast. The bagel project is a series of discovery/research sprints, exploring emerging tools for policy consultation analysis. This is one of the repos that was created in our analysis.
```
